# Clash Endeavors

Some campaigns or sessions may involve the player characters summoning, rallying, or inspiring allies to face off against an opposing side's summoned, rallied, or inspired allies--such as soldiers in your command, athletes you are coaching, creature companions one has befriended, knights dueling as your champions, spirits you are channeling, or spectral monsters you've summoned by playing music so well!

These sorts of Endeavors are run like any other Endeavor, with the following additions:

- **Summons:** For the sake of these rule additions, a "summon" is a character or other entity you have summoned to your aid for the Endeavor, and a "summoner" is any character or group summoning others to their aid. A summon is a character for the sake of wording in the rules, and they act in the Endeavor on their own, performing Check and Contest rolls as usual. And generally, summon is considered to exist before they have been summoned to your aid--"being summoned" simply places them into the game's ongoing story.
- **Summons Capture:** When a summon wins a Contest against an opposing summon in a Contest, they may attempt to capture that opposing summon. And when a summon gains advantage movement, they may attempt to capture any summon.
- **Attempting Capture:** When a summon attempts to capture an opposing summon, they move backward on the number line any amount. Then, that opposing summon performs a Check where the target is equal to the number of spaces moved backward. If they fail, they are non-lethally removed from the Endeavor. Then regardless of the Check's result, the current round immediately ends.
- **Summoners Summon but Don't Move:**  Summoners do not have a position on the number line, but they still act in the Endeavor, performing Check and Contest rolls as usual. If a summoner would gain advantage movement, they instead add another summon aiding them to the number line at position $0$. The more advantage movement a summoner would have gained, the more powerful the summon added. Any other movement a summoner would gain, such as from resolving Focal or Side Actions, they choose a summon aiding them to gain that movement instead.
- **Initial Summons:** Each summoner begins the Endeavor with two summons at position $0$ on the number line. Moreover, if a summoner goes an entire round without a summon aiding them on the number line, they add one at position $0$ at the end of the round.
- **End Condition:** The end condition for the Endeavor depends on the scene in question. However, generally a summoner wins a Clash Endeavor when one of their summons reaches at least a predetermined point on the number line, or when their summons have captured at least a predetermined number of opposing summons.
